I said, well, the salient parts.
And I thought, gosh, well, which are the not salient parts?
All right, well, that's interesting.
And that's certainly worth discussing, isn't it?
Yeah, I mean, I understand, and I knew, you know, going into the publication of this book, that there'd be a lot of focus on J.D.
Salinger.
As you surely know as you read this book, it's a book about my whole life and a woman's whole story.
The reason why I had to tell that story is that every piece leads out of every other piece, and there was a big piece missing for a lot of women.
And actually, Salinger plays a surprisingly large role considering the relatively short period that I was with him.
I think because he was such an enormously powerful force in my life that he really passed a very long shadow for a long time.
But actually what I've been observing
among people that I'm starting to hear from, people who come to my website, I have to talk about it is that at least as much as Satan found or actually more, they're interested in, it's not me, it's the story of a woman that's interested in.
You have to acknowledge that.
Hi, good afternoon.
Hi.
Thank you.
How are you doing?
Very well.
But do you think that there would have been...
Oh, of course not.
Of course not.
I mean, I've written other books that were worthy of attention I'm unfamiliar with.
I actually believe that this story would be just as valid, if it were.
if it were the story of an 18-year-old girl with any strong, powerful man.
It intensifies the effect that this is a person
about whom I was forbidden to speak.
But I'm... Forbidden by understanding?
Oh, yes.
He never had to say that.
I mean, look, the whole world knows that.
That's certainly why so many people are so up in arms now.
J.D.
Sanger laid down the rules.
you know, 30, 40 years ago about how he was to be treated, and to an astonishing degree, the world has responded, okay, it's sort of unprecedented phenomenon, if you ask me.
To a degree, you don't mind asking?
No, of course not.
He hasn't published anything in how long?
The last published story was 1965.
So that's 33 years.
32 years.
And he was really...
I think if you want to maintain the image of an icon it helps not to be too too available because the more we see of a person the easier it is to cut them down to size and I say that as a person who about whom much has been known and so it's very easy to
to point out my flaws, because I've published thousands of words about them.
J.B.
Slander has published four books, a handful, and four extraordinary books.
You know, the Wizard of Oz knew how it went.
Go behind the curtain if you want to keep your worshippers in line.
And, you know, there's a kind of irony to the situation to me that had he made himself more accessible and available, had he spoken and conveyed
some message himself to the readers to so long to hear from him.
And my own story, well, I believe, you know, just as weirdy, it would be the same piece of writing, but it would no doubt have created a lot less of a stir than it has, because this is the first word on Salinger.
I didn't set out to, it wasn't my place to, and I didn't pretend to say,
I'm the biographer of J.D.
Salinger.
I had a very limited 12 month window of access to this man 25 years ago and that's what I
That's the only thing I can speak of with any authority.
He was midlife at that point.
He was about 52.
I'm older now than he was now, which annoyed me when I read that he was 50.
He was already older than he was.
You know, I'm thinking of my, you know, really, because he was always, to me, this older icon.
But he's 79.
79.
And I suppose that you haven't heard anything back from him.
I think I went to see him last night.
No, and I wouldn't have expected to.
No, I'm very grateful that I had that final meeting.
I think my life would feel very different right now if I hadn't been able to look in the eye.
And I thought a lot about that.
It's interesting that he...
allowed that to happen.
He, you know, I didn't, I wasn't breaking down his hair.
He chose to come to the door.
Um, so when you went there, it was a crapshoot, as far as you could say, whether he would come or whether he would.
I never thought it was a crapshoot.
Well, it's, you know, it's life.
No.
Truthfully,
I knew he could come.
But you also think he knew it was you out there?
Well, the way it happened, I knocked at the door.
His wife was in the kitchen.
She said, what do you want?
And I said, I've come to see Jerry.
Would you tell him Joyce Maynard is here?
So she disappeared into the back room that I know well.
And she was gone a long time, 10 minutes.
He had only to stay in the bedroom.
I wasn't going to go stay.
I was going to break down the door.
But I knew he would come.
I wasn't going to make any food.
I came to speak to him.
People get to knock at people's doors.
He knocks at mine.
But I knew he would come because
All these years, Katie Salinger has been able to silence everybody.
There have been other people who have had experiences, some of them have had painful experiences, but not all of them have emerged well.
But as a person who has experienced, as a rather strong person, with no small sense of himself, who has experienced the fear of Salinger's wrath and the emotional power that he can wield,
over certainly over a young person um and when you look at that over a great many sort of you know literary highbrows who still you know bow and kneel at his feet um i i'm quite sure that he felt that if he turned to the door and told me how angry he was and that i must not do this
I would behave appropriately because I always had.
The last time he knew me, I did everything he said.
And I don't know if he's changed, but I sure have.
And I wasn't angry, you know, it wasn't a spirit of vengefulness.
You know, I've heard this quote, of course, and I sort of want to address it because I desire a person to find one angry, vengeful sentence in this book.
I went to, I know every word that I wrote, and I went to great lengths to confine myself to the telling of my story and not to the interpretation or to pass judgment.
If there are, in my story, aspects that people feel indicate a desire on my part to hurt Salinger, then I'd say what hurts Salinger is the truth about Salinger, not the facts about Salinger.
I don't offer any speculation about what's going on in his head.
What I miss in the book, what I hope was there, of course we've known it as part of as a kid,
My daughter older now than you were.
Oh, of course, that's what started me out.
But tell me what you meant.
Well, that was not what my story was.
I didn't come as a literary critic.
I didn't come as a fan.
My experience would have been hugely dishonest with me.
No, I wasn't.
some New Yorker person come to sit around and talk about Tolstoy with him.
That wasn't my story.
And I have to tell you, I don't think he would have written to me if that was who I was.
Part of what the story was is that he wasn't looking for a literary equal and intellectual companion.
That's not who he was looking for.
I think people
You know, I've been sort of well-behaved on this tour, but I'm getting a little angry, to tell you the truth, at other people who basically, as far as I can see,
want this to have been another story.
I wish that the story-wise, that when somebody finally got to be with J.D.
Salinger, he would be this wise, sagely, purer than all the rest of us person.
And they're disappointed that not just that I'm telling this story, but that the story isn't what they wanted to hear.
That there's God.
Well, it strikes me that
that the messenger of the news is being ranked, as opposed to looking at the news.
And if you say, I too, I'd love to hear what Salinger would say about writing.
I'm not angry about the news at all.
I'm just, I guess I just wish that the news, there were more news.
He didn't talk about his writing.
I wouldn't have stayed one day.
And that's not why he wanted to there, quite obviously.
He did, actually, I think you have very interesting things to say, and I think I'll record him.
about his perception of publishing, the relationship between a writer and readers.
Those are all subjects that I heard a lot about and that I remembered very well.
And about the job of a writer.
to tell the truth and to write an authentic story.
Those things we talked about, but we didn't sit around talking about great books.
But do you have a sense of why?
Do you feel that you know why he has withdrawn so eccentricly?
As I said, I don't presume to enter the hub of J.B.
Challenger and interpret him.
That would really be stepping over their mind.
And I wouldn't do that.
But just as a person who heard what he had to say about it,
He had experienced some very sharp criticism, in particular after the publication of his last story.
I don't know if you've read that story, but people didn't love it the way they loved the earlier stuff.
There had been a couple of, in particular, really brutal pieces written about it.
John Updates is one that he was very bitter about.
This is not a man.
You know, I sort of think that one of the things that
about what you do as a writer when you put your work out there.
Thank you.
I don't think writers have any obligation to give interviews, to go on book tours, to have their picture taken.
You know, I happen to do that, but I don't think that goes with the territory and you have to do that.
It may have implications for your success if you don't.
But if you don't want to do that, that's fair enough.
I've done about a thousand years.
And I'm not exaggerating the number.
Maybe a thousand author who could use it in the last 20 years.
And next month is actually the first month.
I've never missed one in 20 years in terms of interest.
Every week I've always done one.
Finally, I'm quick.
I just can't do this in the right books.
But I do think... But my point is, I have always agreed with your premise that if John Updike doesn't want to do an interview, finally I did that.
However... Or Ann Tyler, or Tony... That's great.
Fair enough.
However, if you put a book out there to be published, then one of the things that you need to, that I believe,
you need to accept is that it will receive response.
That the publication of a book involves not just the experience of the writer, but the experience of the reader.
And to shut out the reader and refuse to accept a person's response to your work that isn't what you wanted it to be is an extraordinarily rigid and controlling notion.
And I think
You know, I mean, I know.
Somebody called me a couple weeks ago and said this was the worst book ever published.
You were called on the phone?
Jonathan Yard, Washington Post, called me.
This was in a review?
a piece about this book this book has been reviewed before it's even written you know um just for the the sheer gall that some people suppose up to death and writing it off and presuming to um to tell my story you know it does come out coincidentally
at the same time that Paul Perreault's book is out on the U.S.
Nightfall.
And, you know, Paul... I haven't read that before.
He can cite, you know, and it's really kind of funny to me because the thing that he says, persuading him to do this book, is when he picked up a catalog and saw the two books that he had inscribed, he sent him out, Paul being offered for sale by a red book.
It's funny, because I wrote a book about video mania.
I mean, that kind of thing.
And then we encountered him on the street in London, and finally that was it.
Paul said, just take him to a chin and move on.
That was what he said.
Paul determined at that moment, so he says, to write the book.
Do you have such an epiphanous moment, I guess?
At what point did you decide it was time to write about your Salinger experience?
Well, I don't.
I don't regard mine as, it's similar to Paul DeRuze, but I have one.
Mine was the experience of seeing my daughter turn the age that I was when I got that first daughter from J.D.
Sand.
Revisiting this experience that I had tried so hard to put away and not deal with.
out of this sense of, I now think, misplaced obligation.
I tried very hard to be a good girl for a lot of years.
The one who would preserve and protect him at the expense of myself in many ways.
And when Audrey was turned, when I could suddenly look at my daughter, you know, about whom I'm a lot quicker to feel protectively than I may about my own self, I asked myself, well, my God, here have I been experiencing extreme long-term
of a relationship with a man who I'm protecting and he never... I'm continuing to sort of honor his wishes for me and he protected me never.
Do you think in retrospect you were an interlude for him and not much more?
That sounds a little complicated.
I think, I choose to believe, but I did, I'd like to think, you know, he did think I was a good writer.
He said extraordinary things about my writing, but I'd like to think that he
He recognized a writing voice that interested him.
But it is hard for me to believe now that that would have been sufficient for him to seek me out had my photograph in the New York Times been other than it was.
That's what's amazing, I guess, is that he really
It was suited.
It wasn't an occasional meeting.
I mean, I was very deliberate.
You can make an attempt.
But attempt?
She took steps to contract you, and then she succeeded.
And of course, you know, this is a man who knew very well that he wielded extraordinary power with his parents.
And his words had made generations of young people
and worship him.
So it was a pretty heady experience getting letters from that voice, that Holden Caulfield voice, speaking to me and telling me what a wonderful girl I was.
And I think you indicated that you hadn't read him prior to that, right?
No, no.
Again, you were 18 years old?
Mm-hmm.
I was 18.
He was a virgin.
I had 17, 15-year-old daughters.
If my older daughter would receive a letter like this, I wouldn't.
I can assure you.
Of course.
And you know the story.
If you have teenagers, you know the story.
You don't.
By the time they're that age, you do not control them.
But if you've done your job when they were younger, it may be a moot point.
And that's what my daughter says.
You know, if somebody asks her, you know, what would your mother do if Willip Rock invited you away?
There's no comparable person.
And...
or if you were going away with Philip Rock, and she said, it wouldn't happen.
And I believe that's so, that a fundamental component of this story was the
who I was when I met him, where I came from.
When I was a girl, she had been raised in a very troubled household, a fascinating, exciting, deeply inspiring one.
You don't call it dysfunctional.
I just avoid that word, it's so overused.
And I think it's sort of too easy to use it that way.
And I have been raised to please.
And I was looking desperately for something larger than myself, something outside of me to attach myself to, to make me feel worthy.
I was a person who found a sense of herself in gaining the approval of others.
And my daughter, I believe, is a person who has sufficient sense of herself that she's not going to give herself away to any man to win his love.
Somebody will have to love her the way she is.
They won't succeed in getting her to stick around if they want to change it.
Do you wish that your parents had...
I just find regret pretty futile emotion, sure.
I mean, I could wish for lots of things.
I could wish that my father didn't drink.
I could wish that my mother had been given the job that she so richly deserved.
And then I would be a different person.
And I like the person I am and where I am.
So I don't start in the cuts.
It was very unwise.
And I forgive them, you know.
I think this is a book about forgiveness, actually.
I think it's a book about recognizing the possibility that people that you love, people who did not ever set out to hurt you, but hurt you anyway,
and, um, are to be understood and forgiven.
You know, I tell some pretty dark tales of my parents, and I adore my own, and I'm able to tell those stories because ultimately, um, I love them and forgive them, and I think any real life
And then true love comes out of knowledge of the loved person, not from an illusion about who they are and detecting the horrible possibility that somebody might find out who they are.
My parents were brilliant, funny, interesting.
lovable, impossible, unwise, sometimes neglectful, sometimes, you know, over-involved, people who gave me great gifts.
I'd say some of the same things about J.L.
Sanger, although I feel less, you know, I don't feel devotion and affection for him, but I feel compassion, and I don't believe he set out to help me.
I feel that about every character in this book, and I don't think the memoir works if you write out of a different spirit.
If you're still in the I'll get back at him mode, I think that's a lousy book.
You know, maybe some people think that this one is, but I don't think anybody wants to read that.
So, how did the response bring to what you've seen?
It's not news to you that this book has gotten some very rabid criticism, but it's gotten some extraordinary response, too.
My website, which was at about 1,000 hits a day, was up to 40,000 hits a day.
Except when there have been two occasions in all the time of the website that I shut somebody out of the website, not because they were criticizing me, but because they were really being abusive to other people on the website.
But the response, you can see for yourself, it's overwhelmingly supportive, isn't it?
I mean, people are really grateful for this book.
Women in particular are grateful for this book.
And how's the book doing?
It's doing pretty early, though.
I don't even ask anymore because maybe you can appreciate it.
I've learned.
I don't tell you the real numbers anyway.
I don't even ask.
I know they're going back to press.
You know, if it was a number that I didn't like, I wouldn't want to know.
So I just figured, oh, I'll find out soon enough.
I can tell you, I've never had this big turn as a reading as I have.
So what do you read?
I'm just curious.
Do I read out loud?
Yeah.
I read.
What I like press to do always is to answer questions from top people.
So I try to.
I keep the reading portion short enough that I've got lots of room for it.
You know, in many ways, I am as opposite a person in my mode of operating as a writer as you could find, J.D.
Salinger.
I love readers.
I love to connect with readers.
It's why I have a website and why I had a newsletter before that.
J.D.
Salinger warned me in his first letter to me and forever after in our relationship, you know, to...
To seal myself away from the world and to never listen to publishers, readers in particular, that the mail was a dangerous thing that people would set out to exploit me.
Well, if somebody exploited me, it wasn't the readers.
And the letter that probably was more dangerous than any other letter I received was the letter from him, you know, my catcher in the rye, who was writing to rescue me.
And of course, unfortunately, you can't quote that letter.
There is a J.D.
Salinger syndrome out there, you know.
I felt it as recently as this morning.
How so?
Well, the paperback of my Dikey Island's Bible is coming out in spring, and I'm writing a new preface to explain, to bring, it's a non-tipsed book.
About what?
There's a book about bibliomania and stuff.
General Madness is still in friendship very well as a finalist in the national book page in 2005.
And it's been in height for three and a half years.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
That's incredible.
Just you and Midnight in the Garden of Eden.
Well, yeah.
Put a couple zeroes out there.
John Gray, he's the one that hasn't had any.
Yeah.
But it's been very gratifying.
It has been.
Because the first print was like $6,000, which nobody expected to do.
That was the number.
And we're up to $60,000.
Wow.
Great.
Since we're a $35 book, that's pretty good.
There's a lot of money for the book.
Anyway, anyway.
I have to bring things up to date.
I have a fellow.
I wrote a chapter about the book, Pete.
The guy who stole $20 million worth of the world.
So I don't remember that story all over America.
And we corresponded while he was in prison.
I just read about the book, Madness, through 25 centuries.
Yeah, it's a fun day.
Anyway, the guy writes me letters.
letters from prison, and I want to use them because he's been arrested again.
He's now going back to prison, and I want to report this, you know.
And so I'm talking to my editor today, Holt, and he says, Nick, you can't use it.
I said, Nick, I can't use it.
I said, he's in prison for Christ's sake.
And he's got ability, how am I going to?
He says, he still has a right to see you and see Jesus ever since he fell, you think.
Unless you can get a letter from him, give him your permission to use that letter, and he's not talking to anybody these days.
He's just not talking to us as well.
Forget it, I'll just paraphrase it.
Listen, just paraphrase it.
Even paraphrasing, you know, you have to be a little bit careful that the decision, the founder's decision, extends to paraphrasing.
We were tapping to one of the national experts on this case.
Is that right?
embarked on this telling of this tale.
I mean, the first obstacles were the emotional ones, the fear of sound and wrath.
Which is tangible and palpable and absolutely real.
And the fear of the wrath of all the opinion givers who are now passing judgment on me.
And then there was just the challenge, the writer's challenge of
how to tell the story of a seduction by words without being able to quote the words.
That was a new one for me.
I've written a lot of stuff.
And at first, it did seem, I think, partly because I still had this very reverential attitude towards his language.
Not unsounded.
I mean, he's not news to you.
He's an extraordinary writer.
Those letters.
seemed, had been so important in my life.
You know, those pages had meant so much to me.
But I couldn't imagine how I could tell the story without them.
And then, knowing I could not, I had to do a different thing, which was to convey what it felt like to receive them.
And to bring the story back to me.
And...
Not to turn it over to J.D.
Salinger.
It's not J.D.
Salinger's story.
It's my story.
And I'm actually now, you know, a week before this book went to press, it's about law had somehow been repealed, you know, overturned.
And they said to me... There are some phrases that I would have loved to have shared with people, you know, that were just so Salinger-like.
But ultimately, I no longer felt a particular need for them.
And partly that is because I...
I was forced to dig deeper into my own experience in ways that I might not have done if I hadn't had that.
And also because an extraordinary thing happened while I was writing this book that his spoken voice really returned to me.
And when I find myself, I mean I know, you know, people kind of, you know, take this issue with how on earth I could remember conversations.
Fair enough, and I never pretend, and I say very clearly enough that these are not, you know, rebate and a transfer to conversations.
I did not take notes, I did not keep journals, I did not have a little machine like this going.
I never supposed that I would ever write about him, so I wasn't, you know, just sneaking around to write it down.
It wasn't that that has made it possible for me to remember the way I do.
I remember the way I do because it was such a memorable voice.
It was, you know, it was the voice for me.
It was the most important voice.
And it happens that I was, and anybody who's crazy enough to
Excuse me to dig through all my years of writing and we'll kind of see this.
I remember what people say.
I remember what my children have said.
There have been less significant people in the eyes of some readers.
I happen to have an ear for those things.
What people say is very important to me.
The way some people remember, you know, I could ride in your car for a week and not remember what you were driving, but I'll remember what you say if it changed my life, if it hadn't accepted our needs, and his work did.
So, while I don't pretend that this is, you know, word for word what Jerry Sallinger said... Well, if you give us a disclaimer, so I think you can...
I will stand by the authenticity of the voice that I can say.
And the best truth is, you know, if you're a sound, you read her.
If it sounds like him or if it doesn't, it's a hard voice to...
He manufactured.
The only person I've ever known who spoke that way was him.
That first letter from Salinger, what do you suppose you're like?
It feels like another fetal pursuit.
Even if you didn't answer the letter, it didn't go up there.
It would have been impossible not to answer the letter, being who I was at that moment.
And what might my life have been?
Especially on the strength of the premise of the article, too.
I mean, because it did appeal to the premise of the article, didn't it?
His letter to you.
Oh, and, you know, for somebody to tell you, and for somebody so important and so powerful to tell you, you and I are soulmates, that's, you know, that's, that'll go further than, you know, a dozen roses, you know, a diamond necklace.
It's just you and me against the rest of the world.
And that word, lancement, more than anything else, had the effect of pulling me straight to his door.
I get the question.
What you think was... How I would have lived my life?
Do you think you've been a writer?
How many books now?
Five books?
Six books.
Eight if you count children's books.
I do not know.
I'll tell you one thing.
I would have finished college.
And if I have one regret, if I have one regret about the whole thing, it is that.
And not because, you know, somebody I read an article for of the courses was your degree.
Obviously not.
But I...
I forfeited my growing up years, that period of years that's sort of unique to that time when a young person finds out who she is and develops herself and gets to be young and to not have all the answers.
From the moment that I went off with Jared Soundra, I was really never young again.
I mean, it was a year.
You could have gone back to school.
Impossible to conceive of after that year.
Impossible to conceive of.
It was so, you know, I'd like to think if I did my job right, you'd sort of see that reading this book.
You know, it would be like taking somebody from, you know, the mountains of Tibet.
I don't know what you're saying.
Okay, all right.
But the point is, I'm just trying to make you understand.
All right.
By the time he sent me away and told me that he no longer approved of me, I had come to believe that he was the only person on the planet who understood the way life was supposed to be.
I really did.
And I couldn't be with the only person.
So where could I be?
Nowhere.
And a part of, you know, a crucial component to that time that I spent with him was he's telling me all the other people that I must not trust and believe in.
And that included, you know, my parents, publishers, editors, doctors, therapists, young people, old people, writers, not writers, and the human rights.
When you look back at that essay in the New York Times, and you read it,
How often?
I hadn't looked at it for over 20 years until I wrote this book.
How do you feel?
Are you struck by naivete?
So many people have criticized me for that piece, but I'm disinclined to help them out.
But of course, it was a very presumptuous thing to do that I would never now do, you know, to set out to explain my generation, to speak for all young people.
I don't think anybody has anything to do.
And at the same time that I say that, you know, I was young, you know, what was everybody else doing when they were 18?
You know, not necessarily the same things that they do now.
I was trying the best I knew how to do the job that I had been raised to do.
To bring honor and reward to the feet of my parents when they had eluded me.
I set out to
I didn't have a burning ambition to be a writer, actually, but I did have a burning ambition to achieve success wherever I could find it.
And I don't think it was actually some, it was not some sort of, you know, kind of need to see my name in lights for me.
I felt a big responsibility for my friends.
For them to see my name in lights.
For them to...
to have their own lives.
They both deserve so much more than they have felt, and they have put so much into me.
I think that's one of the dangers of having poor undue energy into their children.
I'm a big believer.
You can't love your children too much, and you can't
You can't give them too much sense that they're wonderful and you adore them, but I was raised to achieve.
Have you achieved to your satisfaction?
I have a different standard of achievement.
I'm very comfortable with what I've done with my not yet completed life.
My chief goal was to
was to make a happy family, to be part of a happy family.
And I thought for years, and that's a big part of the story that I tell, that the way to do it was to sort of make everything perfect for everybody.
And I made this picture of a happy family that was very stressful for all concerned.
Me, my children, my children's father.
I'm enormously proud of our children and who they are that's totally on their own.
that they created and the part that I played in shepherding them along.
And I'm proud of the work I've done.
But I'm not looking to win some big prize anymore.
If my definition of success was getting a pat on the back from Jonathan Yardley, I guess I'd be feeling pretty bad right now.
But it's not.
There's a big essay on your, was it in Times recently?
The Simbi Times Magazine, the profile?
I think so.
They were all over.
Your work has been described as a season of a confessional over the years.
Absolutely.
you know breast implants i'll say it sure um my i i actually have written about many other things you know these writers are very selective in what they should say but but i'll freely and rather proudly say that my probably my my most consistent undertaker for um all of my adult life has been maintaining an ongoing story of my life and it's not that i regard my life so much
infinitely more fascinating than everybody else.
It just happens to be the only life that I have that kind of access to.
Do you want me to tell about your life for 25 years?
And why I think it has a value, why I know actually it has a value, I know this, because I am concerned in this every day when I hear back from readers, is because there are a lot of other people out there, women in particular, but sometimes it's men too, but I want to finish this sentence.
who are experiencing similar kinds of situations to the ones that I write about, but who don't feel able to write about them or even talk about them with a friend, and who feel enormous amounts of isolation and shame as a result.
i know how that feels because i grew up that way i grew up believing my father was the only person on the face of the earth who got drunk i truly did i didn't know that anybody else's dad did that and that was more difficult to deal with than just his drunkenness was just the secret keeping and the shame and the
and the sense that I was kind of a freak and that I had to kind of keep this picture.
And so I know it's not hard for me to... What are you doing?
Are you finished now?
Yes, I am.
Did I do that?
No, okay.
It's not difficult for me to understand how it is that I came to write in the self-disclosing way that I did.
I care a lot about a woman out there who, you know, who also sometimes feels enormous, you know, frustration, like a poem with a baby or in a marriage or loneliness or whatever.
And I think I help her by telling my story.
My story sometimes, you know, people will read my story and say, boy, that's not what I would have done, and that's fine too, but I give them
a picture out there.
I'm a little sorry that I have to be, I think I'm a serious writer and I've written a serious book and I'm sorry that the person is going to say 10 things about me.
I don't think rest is going to be the most important.
However, no, I'm not going to pretend this is some unnationable situation.
I felt, once again, it wasn't that I felt, I knew that there were
millions of women out there who, like me, had given birth to babies, nursed babies, stood in front of the mirror, and looked at what had happened to their body, wouldn't for one minute give back their children, but felt deep sorrow and shame.
And also something else that they couldn't talk about.
This was a dirty little secret.
And I decided to talk about it.
It's evidence of how necessary that was, that people seize on it the way they do.
My God, my breasts are like, well, yes.
If there had been any exercise in the world I could have engaged in, I sure would have, but I was always the person I wanted to do.
I decided to do this thing for me that probably every man in the world would be lining up to do if men's bodies were altered by fatherhood as women's often are by motherhood.
And then I did another thing, which is I told about it.
And I got docketed letters from women who said, it was never about getting big breasts, which is what, you know, some male reporter will reduce it to.
It was about saying...
You know, giving women permission for their feelings.
Women have done nothing so terrible, nothing so wrong.
Maybe have a little vanity, wish they kind of looked better.
Where's the shame in that?
God, I'll talk about it.
And if it means that, you know, for the rest of my life I've become George Maynard, the writer with Dresden Frank, so be it.
I can handle it.
i as i said i'm not looking for the approval of you know the great literati up there who decided that that's not a writerly thing to do i want to just finish that thing at the core of how i behave is that i don't believe that there's two successive sort of ways of being on this planet you know how normal people how regular peons behave and then there are the writers you know who who float in and they're you know gilded cage and and you know don't
Sometimes screw up, make mistakes, have problems, send letters to 18-year-old girls, whatever it is, you know, like all the rest of them.
Now, I have a sense from what you're saying that you absolutely perceive your reader, or you have a sense for your readers.
It's men, too, actually.
Men, too.
I mean, some of my most faithful readers are men, but they are people who, the common elements, they're different ages, they're lots of different things, but I've been noticing how many young girls, young women,
and that surprises me because it's a big thing for a 21-year-old to buy a hardback book.
But a common element would be that they have experienced some kind of pain and hard times and feel
grateful that somebody is talking about their story.
Likewise, the people who are probably made most uncomfortable by my work, I will speculate on this.
They're very uncomfortable with opening the locked doors, and I've got to wonder what kind of doors do they have in their life that they don't want to... And that piece does also look at you, regardless of what some of your critics might say, you certainly do have a core of readers, apparently.
Oh, yes.
They're not fans.
They're friends.
It's a very unusual thing, my readers.
Then I tell the story briefly, and I thank a lot of people in the forward of my book.
I do, incidentally, and I'm not some sort of sad sack who lives her life on the internet.
I have flesh and blood, real human friends, and some of them.
But one distinct category of people who are very dear to me are readers, some of whom I've never met, but I've been hearing from them for 15 years.
A lot of them I read this book to out loud at various stages of the writing while I was working on it in a long and rather lonely winter.
I'd call up the phone and speak to some woman in Michigan or some guy in Texas.
But I'd been hearing from him and I knew he's the one that reads my work that sort of gets what I'm doing.
I want to see how this works for him and if I'm getting it across.
One guy, I love this one.
There were actually a couple that were very important to me.
Contrary to what some believe, and I'd actually be happy to talk about this notion that it's somehow offensive to make money off of a book.
I didn't actually make a fortune out of this book, and in fact, I was paid rather moderately.
You'll never find me criticizing this.
I figured if you've been a freelancer, I noticed you hadn't asked that question, and I guess why.
I say as much as you make this final mix.
But in fact, just as a point, I haven't been paid a whole ton of money, and so I ran out of money last fall at just the point where... Well, one less has it.
And it was a disappointment when I finally figured out how, when I finally was ready to write this book after I came back from seeing Jerry Salinger.
And I was prepared to do, the obvious thing to do was what I'd always done and what I'm sure you're very familiar with.
You know, you took on 10 million magazine jobs to support your book.
And I just felt this time for once in my life, I wanted to devote myself absolutely without...
interruption or or distraction to the telling of the story to do the absolute best i possibly could it was too important to do that but i couldn't afford to do that for two children you know they have ongoing lives i could probably live in a hut but it's not enough because they aren't living
And I had a reader who I had never met, but I'd been hearing from him also for about 10 years.
I knew he ran a manufacturing company, forklift company in the Midwest.
And I sent him a note, and I said he had one time sent a contribution to my newsletter when I'd mentioned that I couldn't bring out an issue of my newsletter because I was broke again.
And I said, you know, a business proposal describing the books that I wanted to do and my confidence that I would be able to repay them.
And I offered to turn over to him as collateral against a loan in my Salinger letters.
And I said, you know, I have no idea what they're worth.
I've never really thought about it particularly until recently I hadn't even sort of thought about the letters.
And I said, so we could get them appraised if you'd consider this at all.
And he called me within an hour of getting the letter and he said,
I feel no need to have these letters of praise.
I know it's better not.
You just don't want to bring a lot of attention to yourself about this right now.
Just tell me how much you want and I'll send you a check."
basically supported my family, being alone and supported my family for six months.
I have absolute confidence that I'll pay you that.
But those are my readers.
I mean, they're all different kinds.
Some of them don't have a credit to their name, and this one, you know, luckily did.
And another one met me at his house in Oregon.
He and his wife met us.
Now, you mentioned this in the book, yeah.
I read more from the book, more than the book from the real place.
Oh, no, I knew you, but you just told me to say things even if you knew them.
But that is really good.
And it's not just, obviously, that was not about money.
It was about faith in me.
That's quite remarkable, actually.
I read these things with great interest.
Being a writer without a university appointment, without grants.
It's a very rare thing to be... It's the same thing in the world to do.
I'm going to Europe now.
This is my eighth trip to Europe for this new book.
I mean, this is a very expensive trip.
My advance on this book, long, long.
Oh, of course, I know that.
Long, long.
You have to have great faith in yourself.
It doesn't matter how much money you make.
I mean, everybody's fine.
You know, it's...
So it's, you know, I do this, I write children's book reviews, I write a monthly column for a magazine, and it's called Biblio, isn't it?
Okay, Biblio.
Should we, do you have an expense for that?
Yes, sure, I'll send you funds in my room.
Okay.
Your room, or do you work in our home?
No, I... Oh, okay, I'm okay.
Okay, I'll bring you home in charge.
Otherwise, I'll do that.
especially on the heels of this conversation.
So anyway, you asked about my readers.
Yes, many of them are women, and women who have experienced the kinds of things I have, raising children, trying to be both
You know, to live a career life and be this thing, this good mother, you know, that we all try to be so hard.
She's no one who lives right over here.
What a book with that exact title.
Yes, I know it.
Except it's a great title because it hangs over your head.
She lives about a five-minute book.
Ha, do you know her?
Only because I've interviewed her about four times over the years.
I'm going to ask her to describe her.
Oh, great.
If you don't mind.
I think, you know, I've stayed in so many hotels, I have to think what the number is.
Isn't it funny, let me give you a good pen.
Much better.
Ooh, better practice.
I was signing my book.
Oh, that's beautiful.
Just running off.
Yeah, we're doing fine.
Hey, please date it.
Mm-hmm.
Let's check off what we've got here.
Quotes.
So you have no idea if Salinger's, obviously, if he's working on anything or whether we'll ever... What's your gut feeling?
Do you think we'll ever see anything from Salinger in his lifetime?
I think we'll see letters.
From him?
And not just mine.
In his lifetime?
I mean, there are many letters.
That he has written.
And you think he will authorize the publication of that?
Do you know Ken Rendell?
I know Ken very well.
May I talk to Ken Rendell?
That's very interesting.
You think Salinger would... This is off the record, I'm just curious.
Sell his letters?
Oh, God, no, I don't mean that.
I mean, I'm not the only young girl that ever got letters.
Ken Rendell knows a couple, and I know a few more.
I see.
I guess what I'm saying is, do you think we'll see anything from Salinger?
From Salinger?
Lighting is what I mean.
Oh, God.
That's what I meant.
But that's very interesting.
You know, I think your guess is as good as mine.
Yeah.
And maybe one other question.
I'd like to take a couple of pictures.
We've got a 3.30 thing coming up.
Yeah, we're fine.
Some of these pictures are like some colored pictures.
That's nice, thanks.
Oh, that's very nice, thank you.
And what's your website?
It's JoyceMainard.com.
How long have you had your website?
About 14 months.
Actually, we're reaching our 2 millionth hit tomorrow.
And what are you working on for your next... It'll be a novel that I would never try to... Can you imagine starting a novel on a book tour?
I do this.
The writing that I do on this book tour is the website.
I check into the website several times a day.
You know, if somebody's going to particularly talk with me, it's very heartless to go back and plug in and talk with readers.
So, one last question, please.
So you are sensitive to what people say about the book?
Sensitive to?
I'm interested in.
Will any of them make me cry?
No.
No, no.
Richard Ford.
Really?
Interesting.
In fact, I was writing for a paper down in Tennessee.
And he blew it and said, do you know Frederick Keppel?
And I said, he named him the guy.
He said, he savaged my book 15 years ago.
And he'd never forgiven him.
George Clinton won't forgive somebody after 20 years.
No, if I was instant, I couldn't be doing this.
I do read them.
You know, I read them once.
I don't save them.
And I don't remember them particularly well.
I have a sort of general sense, you know, of how things are going.
And it matters to me a lot how the people I love feel about me as a person and what I'm doing and that they, you know, respect and care about me.
But reviewers know.
Excellent.
Okay.
If you don't mind, can we take a couple of shots?
It's a lot, this thing.
Speaking of George Clinton, I didn't experience them on this.
This was new at the time.
And because now it's, because it keeps going.
It keeps reversing itself.
I just kept going and I got home and I heard the music and the car, you know.
But you have to, if you lock it, then as I just did there, yes.
Now you can even try to record and it won't because it's locked.
Anyway.
What a smart thing that you know how to take pictures.
Just so they know how fast they are.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Well, it's amazing the stories I can tell without any difficult art.
You know, a few surprise photographs.
I want to tell you, by the way.
I've been told you, of course, a lot of people.
Thank you.
Oh, no.
You know, my, um, my friend Maria Maguino, she, uh, has a family about her.
I do, actually, yeah.
Well, you're not a doctor.
You're not a doctor.
No, you're not a doctor.
for her when she was there.
I saw her last night in New York, but she lived there.
Where do you think this would be?
I think so, yeah.
I hate taking you in restaurants.
That's not bad.
This doesn't necessarily have to be in a car.
My wife checks off pictures.
And we've never...
I can get pictures of Pat Conley looking slim, but if I can do that, that's a pretty smile.
Need another one?
Well, these are excellent.
Let's get a couple more slides.
My older brother is a senior.
We did it this summer.
And then the younger one, they're just going to see.
How about over here when we get some pizza?
How much time have you got?
You have five minutes?
Yeah.
So where did you go?
We went up to Maine.
I went to Bates.
Bates?
You know, what can I say?
You're a good student.
Yeah, I'll be doing that with my son, Charlie, in the summer.
It's exciting, isn't it?
Actually, that part, I look forward to.
One of the last ways of the music.
I'm right over here.
You're sitting down?
Yeah.
You won't get the background, don't worry.
I mean, look at that.
It's nice.
It'll be lovely.
It's beautiful.
Okay.
No, I'm just, there's a very interesting thing in the background.
I just thought I might get better, but I'm not.
Okay.
No, please.
Wow, picture you.
You want to make a painting of this angry, bitter woman.
Very nice.
Like the whole life has been black.
That's fine.
I have a one right here.
Right right here.
I took some pictures of Tim O'Brien a couple years ago.
He said, I had vanity fair in here.
They took four hours to take his tickets.
Oh, vanity fair took 14 hours.
And he said, you did this in two minutes.
And I said, and you know what?
He said, no, you don't have to tell me.
He said, yours will be just as good.
I said, they will be just as good.
All I'm looking for is one good picture.
And I always manage to get it.
OK, thank you very much.
Thanks a lot, Dave.
And I wish you the best of luck.
And I hope that the question will not be back there.
Thank you very much.
Bye-bye.
you
There you go.
Mm-hmm.
What's their 90th anniversary of doing just that?
We're at the New York Stock Exchange with CIT Group's President and CEO, Al Gamble, Jr.
There are a lot of companies that have come and gone through that 90-year period.
Why have we survived?
It had a lot to do with the financial strength and stability of the organization.
A strong survive.
What else has contributed to your success?
Technology has absolutely played a critical role in our development.
It has improved productivity dramatically.
In 1980-89, we had about $8 to $9 billion in assets.
We had an organization that started from $8 billion to $23 billion.
We're basically the same headcount.
And how important is where you live?
Whenever we had a second thought of CIT as to where we were going to live, it was going back to the premium exchange in the world.
When we do our advertising today, we use the New York Stock Exchange symbol, which shows that the CIT group could accompany your company.
The New York Stock Exchange.
The world's pretty dark tonight.
On Wall Street, just before the half hour, the Dow Jones 30 is up 195 points at $79.91.
And now, Jack and Pompter deck is up 29 points at $16.71.
And that's the way you listen.
I'm Anthony.
So, one WBC News time now is around $3.29.
And you should be hit on top stories.
You know, WBC is Diane.
Hello.
How's it going?
Can we just be here?
Here's a wonderful one.
Can you have it, please don't.
Oh, yes.
I don't think I'm doing it.
Have you ever smoked a soda?
Have you thought of it?
What was liquidate in CQ, there is no one-year step.
CQ has three steps.
When you step down your birth gradually, that's the message, Dr. Pagan Pharmacy says, liquidate in CQ, the power to calm, the power to comfort, the power to help you quit.
You've only got directed in the close of yourself.
That's as a quitting improvement of the support program.
Do you know what's in your credit file?
You should.
Others do.
Now you can check your credit file easily with Credit.com.
Authorized by the three national credit bureaus, Credit.com combines all three files into one easy-to-read profile of your personal credit history.
If any information is wrong, Credit.com tells you how to make it right.
Take control of your credit.
Order your profile today for only $29.95 for $29.95 shipping and handling.
Call 800-777-9700.
That's 800-777-9700.
In your home and in your car.
Every day more New Englanders turn to WBZ than any other radio station.
We are News Radio.
WBZ Fox 6.
It's today, Boston temperature 71 degrees and cloudy skies.
There will be the AccuWeather Meteorologist Terry Clinton-Hemmer calls for mostly cloudy skies.
They'll have a shower at around 64 degrees.
Tomorrow, warm, size of around 86.
It'll be more humid, we'll have some clouds and some sky, there is a chance of a shower or thunderstorm tomorrow.
I've died answering WDD news and his fortune of the news has been brought to you by Savings Bank Life Insurance.
Because it's fast and it's not prone to go as close to go it says,
If you were an idle on Stellwagen Bank, some whales are curious, and they may come close to a vessel to look at it, but maybe whales are not known to come very close to boats.
McDonald says there are a lot of questions as to why this happened, how fast was the whale watch boat going, and what kind of precautions were being taken, knowing that whales were in the area.
Carol Lennon, WBC News Radio 1030.
Representatives from the world's most powerful industrial democracy today discuss economic crisis in Russia and around the globe.
The G7 deputies didn't come up with any concrete recommendations on ways to help, but they weren't supposed to.
Recession was intended mostly to update everyone on the current situation and give them a chance to share analysis.
As one British official put it, the deputies did agree to West to continue to back economic reforms as long as those reforms took Russia in the right direction.
There was an introduction to the representatives of the new government of Yiv-Gun and Klimakoff on hand for about an hour and a half.
Overall, the British official, speaking on condition of anonymity, calls reception of good meaning.
He says he's encouraged the new Russian government to still interested in continuing dialogue with the West.
Hearing some lenders in New York are afraid that it's all in global economic crisis, the biggest financial challenge facing the world in a half century.
Inside both the president and president's secretary, Robert Rubin, echoes the best shares reading here that inflation is no longer the major threat.
So the lady said the president was not actually asking the federal reserve to lower interest rates.
While in New York today, the President adjured a reporter's question about the Monica Malincy affair.
Some of the President's supporters have been on Park Avenue at this Motorcade Live.
Neighborhood President Paul Akelle was asked about the police to matter, and the Ken Stern investigation.
I think what he did do, not properly, but he certainly didn't come to New York.
And, uh, I'd like to know what happened to the 40 million dollars for detection, conducting investigation.
Apparel says he doesn't think the president should be impeached, but that he shouldn't be punished.
The Capitol Hill that has signed impeachment proceedings could begin before election day.
Now, Priganeet Ingress says they've made that historic.
The whole society learns from the White House in a very careful, in a very conscious manner, and in a real sense of doing constitutional.
Interesting comment today from the man who ran against Bill Clinton in the last election, Bob Dole says the president made a chance of holding on to his job.
Joe was not calling for legislation, but says to me, Joe tried to alert voters during a campaign about the cancer issue.
Joe landed these reminders of Watergate, and that Richard Hickson's initial phone numbers were just as strong as President Clinton's are now.
Senator BBS, sign in on 3-day-free.
We hit campus on the freeze with Pete Forrest, like you by V1.
This is our band, this is The Web.
All right, thank you, Diane.
In town, just a few delays moving at the 93, a little tight at the merge.
It is getting four-ish, both ways on the artery.
This person's job is crowded down towards South Bay.
The Northbound is pretty decent.
Down there, some of them being good shit.
So I'll drive them down to some volume in front of the half general.
The mass plane westbound is okay all the way out towards Brainingham.
Rule 3 on the south shore checks out fine down through Weymouth.
The 93 Northbound, a clear shot at past 128 to 145.
128, the upper and lower half so far check out fine.
We'll check the annualized in 10 minutes.
This is the way.
Hi, Ray here.
Mr. No-Nonsense.
My favorite food is toast.
I can't tell you anything.
That's why Catings Bank Life Insurance has me tell you about their no-nonsense approach to
companies are offering really low for third-plus rates on some policies.
Low prices sound great, right?
Nonsense.
What they fail to tell you is that all too often these duper-duper rates are not easy to get.
So in what you run marathons, you may end up with a higher rate.
But with STLI, it's simple.
Example, a healthy 25-year-old non-smoker can get a $300,000 Rebel Premium 25-year policy for about $20 a month.
It's not glamorous, it's life insurance.
They do accept Marathon.
It's a five-time policy on their bill.
WBG News time at 3.35.
Your development today in a highly publicized case involving the Jenny Jones TV talk show was a day in a field court in Michigan that overturned the murder condition of Jonathan Smith.
He's the man who was found guilty of cheating another man who revealed his sister's crush on him during a taping of these Jenny Jones films.
The Boston High School is getting a classroom season.
The Philanthropist is giving $100 million to the English High to help them cut in the job that way.
What would you believe you've called Stephen, has that story?
The motto of today's legitimately feel-good story over at English High School comes from the New Testament.
And you shall receive it.
English High School is not the only high school where the transition from middle school to the United States has been turned to be very problematic.
The very simple and complicated answer to that question why in high school is they ask.
And today, they received.
Sam Trussler delivered half a million dollars from the Trussler Foundation, money that will help fund expertise and share of professionals to focus on freshmen with an upcoming health this year.
Soon they end up being freshmen again next fall.
A circuit airplane has been hijacked.
There are reports 76 people are on board.
The plane is apparently hijacked shortly after taking off from an airport in Istanbul.
The hijackers ordered the plane to fly to the Black Sea.
No word on what the hijackers actually want.
On Capitol Hill today, lawmakers are talking about the problem of use in nursing homes across the country.
Senator Herb Cole says it needs to be stopped.
The United States, there were 13,469 complaints of abuse, aggression, theft, sanitation, nursing homes, and board and care facilities.
In addition to that, the nursing home staff admits the committee of these grants of physical abuse and forced to commit to psychological abuse.
During the hearing, well, we've heard from people who have found in that report here, following us at home, among them Richard Mayer, a 92-year-old mother with sexual assault.
The Mayer family was outraged as to why and how this is handled.
for such a tiny, scary, lovely place.
And she had only been in the nursing home a lot for 45 years.
A new government report finds nursing homes in this country do not do enough to prevent people with criminal records from working.
Government auditors to sound that nursing homes employ a significant number of workers who have committed crimes.
That was a busy news time at 3.38, over checking Wall Street, coming up.
Within the next 10 minutes, you'll get a complete happy weather forecast.
Weather every 10 minutes.
Weather every hour.
What do you mean?
Oh, what happened while I was on vacation?
I was on high sea optical network.
I messed up the ram on all of these things.
I've heard it's a new Panasonic Digital Copier Printer.
Who are you?
And why a cop?
Well, sir, I'm Bob, and it's a Panasonic Digital Copier Printer.
It's in spelling, warrants, and print letters.
It has electronic sorting, and it's one of the most productive in the business.
Okay, Bill.
I'm sorry, sir.
That's Bob.
Anyway, now everyone can manage documents right from their desktop.
They can all be networked together, too.
No need for all those expensive things.
Right.
It saves time and money.
Sounds interesting, Bob.
Bob.
And it even has a revolutionary file management capability called the HyperDocument System.
You can retrieve files from anywhere on the network.
How are you playing, Bill?
This is a copier.
You know, Bob, you've always been like a clown.
Please stand, Mr. Richard.
Start impressing your watch today.
Visit www.canasonic.com slash digital copiers or call advanced business machines.
7-8-1-9-3-3-2-3-5-0.
WBG News time at 3.39.
Not a bad day on World Trade today.
Let's get the latest from Gary Nye.
WBG News business with Gary.
Gary?
Giant bank about stock rally this afternoon.
Investors returning to stocks and banks and financial companies.
Companies beating the money by the war on economic crises in the past few weeks.
Wands are mixed.
Long-term interest rates in the bond market just below 5.25%.
They should cross the board.
Fears of accruciation and treatment at Beijing as all children most people want to purchase it.
It takes a very hard day to advance the financial city quote is up wide and changed in 101.
Disney is down 3-7, 16-24, 3-16.
President Clinton asking Fed Chairman that Greenspan and traders take a very movement to meet with their counterparts in the next month, a global economic slowdown.
And it's faced today in New York.
Mr. President said the crisis is the biggest financial challenge facing the world in a half century.
The dial is up to 174.7969, the SX deposit up 24, SXC up 21, AMX up 7, long bond unit 524.
For business, we've got the WBV news rating at 10.30.
The WBV news time now is 3.40, and we check the weather with Kerry Swindenhammer with the extended WBV active weather forecast, brought to you by Eastern Connection.
Dianne, the overnight hours will be positive, mostly cloudy.
Any showers should hold on until later on tonight, below 64.
Tomorrow, Friday, about 70 degrees, quite warm, and more given.
Here for the shower, a thunderstorm, especially in the afternoon hours, high 86.
Mostly cloudy and breezy tomorrow night, a couple of showers, maybe a thunderstorm, below 64.
The shower time will start today, Wednesday, otherwise breezy and cooler.
You can break the sunshine, high 76.
Sunny Department is finally freezing twice full Thursday, the highest that she is.
Next weather in just 10 minutes.
I'm WBZ.
I'm the weather meeting of hours.
This is Barry Twinnenhammer.
If you have a fall on Thursday, that's for sure.
In Boston now, it's just 71 degrees.
The cloudy count.
Yeah.
Ever wonder what could happen to passengers and drop them in over that express barge?
Whoa.
Yeah.
I was wondering what was going on in the back of my room.
Face-to-face, they have to relax.
Call 877-I-123.
877-I-123.
It's the royal event of the season.
I've always made a decision to let go here.
Robert C. Ray in the original encampment of Camelot.
The original Broadway star Robert C. Ray ascends the throne as the legendary King Arthur in the unforgettable magic of Camelot.
Call 1-800-447-7400.
Family Bank presents the WBZ.
Head to Home Freakstakes.
WBZ News Radio all this week, Monday for Friday, between 5 and 6 p.m.
And listen for your chance to win all of the prizes in the WBZ tickets, including a 4-8 countertop with double prints from Bill Chase, for a brand new refrigerator from J.D.
D'Addario, seven election LS100 digital phones from AT&T Wireless Services, and $1,000 worth of groceries from Gators Highland.
Head to Home with WBZ News Radio, presented by Family Bank, your mother bank since 1828.
.
Lower deck in 93 is just an energy congestion, some are in front of the head in the side, solid driving and bouncing just back to the front of Mannington General.
High westbound is might have been going so far heading out towards West Houston.
Moor 3 on the south shore, south front of Mannington will down through Rainey.
And the 93 northbound clear shadow path 128.5, upper and lower head to 128.4 to check out time for the most part.
We'll check in January, Marching and Edmunds, East Geller, so we need 820 quality traffic network.
Hi, I'm Willie Nelson.
I've used my music to help working families in any way that I can.
And I'm always looking for people who will join me in the fight.
And I've got a friend in Massachusetts who's been married at the time I've asked for a sister.
I know you've heard of him, his name is John O'Connor.
And we still know John because he's done a lot to protect working families from the point he's sold out to the nation's leadership.
But that's not all he's done.
And I know because I've worked with John O'Connor to help farmers across the country when they get hard times.
And each time that's been made in John's town, he just wanted to help.
And it seems like whenever a working family's in trouble with John, it always doesn't do what he can.
And I don't usually endorse for the change, but John O'Connor has his sister.
He might be running for Congress, but he's not a politician.
He can die, he can fight with a working family all the time.
He's pulled by the O'Connor Committee.
So the Red Sox and their losing streak have moved itself into the Bronx for the next two days.
And to say they are living in the Yankee Stadium or that should be said against the Yankees might be an understatement.
They still do lead in the wild side by four over Toronto in the rock column and five in the Sandway over Texas.
But their smile pointed down with eight losses in the last 10 years.
Tonight, a huge contest with Pedro Martinez.
The Red Sox states, of course, working against Orlando Hernandez.
A Patriots a one-on-one after their season 29-6 win over Indianapolis last night in Foxborough.
The Patriots had good performances for many last nights.
The Sky Law had two picks and a touchdown, two butts over steady.
He was in the inner sports to fumble with a sack.
And second year quarterback, Chris Kennedy recorded his first career interception.
He's really big.
He's like a baby taking the first step.
And now, hopefully,
I know I got the first one over, I can get a lot more, a lot more.
But it's been a great situation out there.
You know, I just reacted, but I'm sad.
I've been happy, and I'm happy to win, man.
You know, kind of just glad me.
The Patriots played Tennessee Orleans here in Foxborough next Monday afternoon.
On the lead yesterday, lots of injuries.
John Elway, a hamstring pull.
Troy Aikman broke his shoulder.
He's got six to eight weeks.
Brad Johnson, the Minnesota quarterback, broke his leg.
He's gone for half a season.
And Green Bay Dorsey Levin's had a sprained ankle for about 24 hours.
It's now a fracture according to X-rays.
He's gone for six weeks.
... ... ... ... ... ...
We're not going to surprise anybody or anybody.
Luckily we're going to have to go out there and have to share.
It's going to be even more difficult, but with another year under a lot of these rookie spells, I think we're going to be an improved game, and I think we're going to have at least people listening.
I think a lot better.
You can find some room space for Canadians in their first exhibition game, Saturday night in Montreal.
On the WBC Afternoon News, I'm Alan Singleton.
The Duncan Delta is back at your game, day one.
Woo-hoo!
I win!
Day two.
Whoopee!
If you're looking for a challenge, you can learn that stupid skill.
Don't look here.
On the other hand, if you like to win or save every time, then play the Dunkin' Donuts blockbuster game.
You just can't lose.
Just order any Dunkin' combo.
Grab your game card, and you could win a grand prize cake to the star-studded blockbuster aim game award in all ways.
Whoopee!
Now talk Dunkin' Donuts delicious coffee.
They could.
Free Blockbuster gift cards and movie letters.
Come into Dunkin' Donuts and play the Dunkin' Donuts blockbuster game with over $10 million in prizes.
No purchase necessary.
Visit a participating Dunkin' store now for official rules and game card request information.
.
Hello, the global economy and the crisis in Washington.
G7 leaders gathered in London today to meet about the world's financial situation and what's happening in Russia.
Leaders still agree with President Clinton that the greatest threat to the world economy is recession, not inflation.
In Washington, President Clinton's supporters are trying to put the best face on the situation in the wake of the Star Report.
Democratic Anderson Tom Rano from California says the media is paying so much attention to what's going on inside the Delaware.
The world has not come to a standstill.
People across the globe are not as mesmerized by topic number one,
as the media seems to be here in the United States.
USA Today is calling them to be gone.
Others, smaller newspaper, say the president should step down, while still others say Congress and the American people should not rush to judgment.
Also today, collisions between whales and boats are rare.
But there was another incident over the weekend.
A whale watch boat out of the cave killed a minky whale.
The boat whale watcher was returning to Bonstable Harbor.
When a collider was a 20-foot animal, hundreds of passengers were on boats at the time.
WBZ news time at 3.50, kind of a mixed bag weather-wise, Thursday extended.
WBZ action weather forecast.
Kerry Schwindehammer is in today, brought to you by Doche's Coy and Catter, Tom.
Kerry?
Diana, putting a little cloud across the region tonight, chance of a shower later on, low 64.
For tomorrow, cloudy is partly sunny, breezy, quite warm and more humid.
Chance of a shower and thunderstorm, especially in the afternoon and evening hours, high tomorrow at 86.
Feather cloudy and breezy tomorrow night with a couple of showers, maybe a thunderstorm, low 64.
A shower is still possible Saturday, Wednesday, a little bit in the afternoon.
We should see clouds start to break.